docs: second drop of documentation on slz (#123)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone: .docs/pattern-defaults.md

#### Keys

Name            | Description
----------------|------------------------------------------------
`atracker-key`  | Encryption key for the Activity Tracker instance
`slz-key`       | Encryption key for landing zone services

### Cloud Object Storage

Two Cloud Object Storage instances are created in the `service-rg` by default.

Name            | Description
----------------|------------------------------------------------
`atracker-cos`  | Object storage for Activity Tracker
`cos`           | Object storage

#### Storage buckets

Name                | Instance       | Encryption key | Description
--------------------|----------------|----------------|---------------------------------------------
`atracker-bucket`   | `atracker-cos` | `atracker-key` | Bucket for activity tracker logs
`management-bucket` | `cos`          | `slz-key`      | Bucket for flow logs from Management VPC
`workload-bucket`   | `cos`          | `slz-key`      | Bucket for flow logs from Workload VPC

#### Storage API keys

An API key is generated for the `atracker-cos` instance to allow Activity Tracker to connect to Cloud Object Storage.

### Activity Tracker

> An [Activity Tracker](url-here) instance is provisioned for this architecture.

Reviewer: Not sure where this is supposed to link to.

![Flow logs](./images/flowlogs.png)

### Virtual Private Endpoints

Each VPC dynamically has a Virtual Private Endpoint address for the `cos` instance that is created in each zone of that VPC's `vpe` subnet tier.

![vpe](./images/vpe.png)

### Default VPC security group

The default VPC security group allows all outbound traffic and inbound traffic from within the security group.

## Virtual server deployments

For the `vsi` pattern, identical virtual server deployments are created on each zone of the `vsi` tier of each VPC. For the `mixed` pattern, virtual servers are created only on the Management VPC. The number of these Virtual servers can be changed using the `vsi_per_subnet` variable.

### Boot volume encryption

Boot volumes for each virtual server are encrypted by the `slz-key`

### Virtual server image

To find available virtual servers in your region, use the following IBM Cloud CLI command:

```sh
ibmcloud is images
```

### Virtual Server Profile

To find available hardware configurations in your region, use the following IBM Cloud CLI command:

```sh
ibmcloud is instance-profiles
```

### Additional components

> Virtual Server components like additional block storage and Load Balancers can be configured using `override.json` and those variable definitions can be found in the [landing-zone module](../landing-zone/variables.tf#L457)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual Server components, like additional block storage and load balancers, can be configured by using the `override.json` file. You can find the variable definitions in the [variables.tf](../variables.tf) file.
```

> # Default Secure Landing Zone Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Default Secure Landing Zone configuration
```

> ## Pattern Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pattern variables
```

Each Landing Zone pattern takes in a small number of variables, enabling you to quickly and easily get started with IBM Cloud. Each pattern requires only the `ibmcloud_api_key`, `prefix`, and `region` variables to get started (the `ssh_public_key` must also be provided by the user when creating a pattern that uses Virtual Servers).

---

> ### Variables Available in Each Pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Variables available in each pattern
```

hs_crypto_resource_group            | string       | If you're using Hyper Protect Crypto services in a resource group other than `Default`, provide the name here.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |           | null
override                            | bool         | Override default values with custom JSON template. This uses the file `override.json` to allow users to create a fully customized environment.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |           | false

---

> ### Variables for Patterns Including Virtual Servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Variables for patterns including virtual servers
```

vsi_instance_profile                | string       | VSI image profile. Use the IBM Cloud CLI command `ibmcloud is instance-profiles` to see available image profiles.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | cx2-4x8
vsi_per_subnet                      | number       | Number of Virtual Servers to create on each VSI subnet.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |           | 1

---

> ### Variables for Patterns Including OpenShift Clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Variables for patterns including OpenShift clusters
```

update_all_workers                  | bool         | Update all workers to new kube version                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |           | false
entitlement                         | string       | If you do not have an entitlement, leave as null. Entitlement reduces additional OCP Licence cost in OpenShift clusters. Use Cloud Pak with OCP Licence entitlement to create the OpenShift cluster. Note It is set only when the first time creation of the cluster, further modifications are not impacted Set this argument to cloud_pak only if you use the cluster with a Cloud Pak that has an OpenShift entitlement.                                                         |           | null

---

> ## Resource Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resource groups
```

Each of these resource groups will have the `prefix` variable and a hyphen prepended to the name (ex. `slz-management-rg` if the prefix is `slz`).

Name            | Description
----------------|------------------------------------------------
`management-rg` | Management Virtual Infrastructure Components
`workload-rg`   | Workload Virtual Infrastructure Components
`service-rg`    | Cloud Service Instances

---

> ## Cloud Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cloud services
```

![services](./images/resources.png)

> ### Key Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Key management
```

By default a Key Protect instance is created unless the `hs_crypto_instance_name` variable is provided. Key Protect instances by default will be provisioned in the `service-rg` resource group.

---

#### Keys

Name            | Description
----------------|------------------------------------------------
`atracker-key`  | Encryption key for Activity Tracker Instance
`slz-key`       | Landing Zone services encryption key

---

### Cloud Object Storage

Two Cloud Object Storage instances are created in the `service-rg` by default

Name            | Description
----------------|------------------------------------------------
`atracker-cos`  | Object storage for Activity Tracker
`cos`           | Object storage

---

> #### Object Storage Buckets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Cloud Object Storage buckets
```

Name                | Instance       | Encryption Key | Description
--------------------|----------------|----------------|---------------------------------------------
`atracker-bucket`   | `atracker-cos` | `atracker-key` | Bucket for activity tracker logs
`management-bucket` | `cos`          | `slz-key`      | Bucket for flow logs from Management VPC
`workload-bucket`   | `cos`          | `slz-key`      | Bucket for flow logs from Workload VPC

---

> #### Object Storage API Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Cloud Object Storage API keys
```

An API key is automatially generated for the `atracker-cos` instance to allow Activity Tracker to connect successfully to Cloud Object Storage

---

### Activity Tracker

An [Activity Tracker](url-here) instance is provisioned for this architecture.

---

> ## VPC Infrastructure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## VPC infrastructure
```

![network](./images/network.png)

By default, two VPCs ae created `management` and `workload`. All the components for the management VPC are provisioned in the `management-rg` resource group and the workload VPC components are all provisioned in the `workload-rg` resource group.

---

### Network Access Control Lists

An [Access Control List](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/vpc?topic=vpc-using-acls) is created for each VPC to allow inbound communiction within the network, inbound communication from IBM services, and to allow all outbound traffic.

Rule                        | Action | Direction | Source        | Destination
----------------------------|--------|-----------|---------------|----------------
`allow-ibm-inbound`         | Allow  | Inbound   | 161.26.0.0/16 | 10.0.0.0/8
`allow-all-network-inbound` | Allow  | Inbound   | 10.0.0.0/8    | 10.0.0.0/8
`allow-all-outbound`        | Allow  | Outbound  | 0.0.0.0/0     | 0.0.0.0/0

> #### Cluster Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Cluster rules
```

Communicate with Service Instances                 | Allow  | Any       | inbound   | 166.8.0.0/14  | any           | 10.0.0.0/8    | any
Allow Incling Application Traffic                  | Allow  | TCP       | inbound   | 10.0.0.0/8    | 30000 - 32767 | 10.0.0.0/8    | any
Expose Applications Using Load Balancer or Ingress | Allow  | TCP       | inbound   | 10.0.0.0/8    | any           | 10.0.0.0/8    | 443
Create Worker Nodes                                | Allow  | Any       | outbound  | 10.0.0.0/8    | any           | 161.26.0.0/16 | any
Communicate with Service Instances                 | Allow  | Any       | outbound  | 10.0.0.0/8    | any           | 166.8.0.0/14  | any
Allow Incling Application Traffic                  | Allow  | TCP       | outbound  | 10.0.0.0/8    | any           | 10.0.0.0/8    | 30000 - 32767
Expose Applications Using Load Balancer or Ingress | Allow  | TCP       | outbound  | 10.0.0.0/8    | 443           | 10.0.0.0/8    | any

---

### Subnets

Each VPC creates two tiers of subnets, each attached to the Network ACL created for that VPC. The Management VPC also has a subnet created for creation of the VPN Gateway

> #### Management VPC Subnets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Management VPC subnets
```

Subnet Tier | Zone 1 Subnet Name | Zone 1 CIDR   | Zone 2 Subnet Name | Zone 2 CIDR   | Zone 3 Subnet Name | Zone 3 CIDR   |
------------|--------------------|---------------|--------------------|---------------|--------------------|---------------|
`vsi`       | `vsi-zone-1`       | 10.10.10.0/24 | `vsi-zone-2`       | 10.10.20.0/24 | `vsi-zone-3`       | 10.10.30.0/24 |
`vpe`       | `vpe-zone-1`       | 10.20.10.0/24 | `vpe-zone-2`       | 10.20.20.0/24 | `vsi-zone-3`       | 10.20.30.0/24 |
`vpn`       | `vpn-zone-1`       | 10.30.10.0/24 |

> #### Workload VPC Subnets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Workload VPC subnets
```

Subnet Tier | Zone 1 Subnet Name | Zone 1 CIDR   | Zone 2 Subnet Name | Zone 2 CIDR   | Zone 3 Subnet Name | Zone 3 CIDR   |
------------|--------------------|---------------|--------------------|---------------|--------------------|---------------|
`vsi`       | `vsi-zone-1`       | 10.40.10.0/24 | `vsi-zone-2`       | 10.40.20.0/24 | `vsi-zone-3`       | 10.40.30.0/24 |
`vpe`       | `vpe-zone-1`       | 10.50.10.0/24 | `vpe-zone-2`       | 10.50.20.0/24 | `vsi-zone-3`       | 10.50.30.0/24 |

---

> ### Flow Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Flow logs
```

Using the COS bucket provisioned for each VPC network, a flow log collector is created.

![flow logs](./images/flowlogs.png)

----

> ### Virtual Private Endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Virtual private endpoints
```

Each VPC dyamically has a Virtual Private Endpoint addess for the `cos` instance created in each zone of that VPC's `vpe` subnet tier.

![vpe](./images/vpe.png)

---

> ### Default VPC Security Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Default VPC security group
```

The default VPC security group allows all outbound traffic and inbound traffic from within the security group.

---

> ## Virtual Sever Deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Virtual server deployments
```

For the `vsi` pattern, identical virtual server deployments are created on each zone of the `vsi` tier of each VPC. For the `mixed` pattern, virtual servers are created only on the Management VPC. The number of these Virtual servers can be changed using the `vsi_per_subnet` variable.

> ### Boot Volume Encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Boot volume encryption
```

Boot volumes for each virtual server are encrypted by the `slz-key`

### Virtual Server Image

To find available virtual servers in your region, use the IBM Cloud CLI Command:

```shell
ibmcloud is images
```

> ### Virtual Server Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Virtual server profile
```

To find available hardware configurations in your region, use the IBM Cloud CLI Command:

```shell
ibmcloud is instance-profiles
```

> ### Additional Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional components
```

Virtual Server components like additional block storage and Load Balancers can be configured using `override.json` and those variable definitions can be found in the [landing-zone module](../landing-zone/variables.tf#L457)

---

> ## OpenShift Cluster Deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## OpenShift cluster deployments
```

For the `roks` pattern, identical Red Hat OpenShift Cluster deployments are created on each zone of the `vsi` tier of each VPC. For the `mixed` pattern, Clusters are created only on the Workload VPC. Cluster can be deployed across 1, 2, or 3 zones using the `cluster_zones` variable.

Clusters deployed use the most recent default cluster version.

---

> ### Workers Per Zone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Workers per zone
```

The number of workers in each zone of the cluster can be changed by using the `workers_per_subnet` variable. At least two workers must be available for clusters to successfully provision.

---

> ### Cluster Flavor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cluster flavor
```
